Update README.md (#21)
TroodInc/trood: README.md

- **identifies current and potential issues** in your project before bugs make it to production;
- **analyzes project's environment** – searches for potential dependency conflicts and known issues;
- **saves your time** by aggregating information from various resources;

> - **engages community experts** with **relevant skillset** sharing **restricted project access** with **only the data needed to quickly solve your problem**;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **engages community experts** with **relevant skill sets** by sharing **restricted project access**—only the data necessary to quickly solve your problem—with trusted members of the Trood Community. You can get started with [Trood Launchpad](https://trood.com/launchpad);
```

Reviewer: @szverev, should we include a link to Trood Launchpad here or simply mention it and hope someone finds it at the bottom (#24)?

> - **scouts for contributors** across **GitHub, Stack Overflow, Reddit, vendor forums, and other sources**, finding developers who have solved similar problems and may be able to help;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **scouts for contributors** across **GitHub, Stack Overflow, Reddit, vendor forums, and other sources**, identifying developers who have solved similar problems and may be able to help.
```
